team.md, before:

# Team Information

## Members

### Pinwen Mu
Hi, I'm Pinwen Mu, but you can call me Lillian. I am a BU student majoring in Software Development. I have some basic development experience throughout my studies. The courses I have finished are CS521, CS526, CS601, CS669, CS625, CS622. I'm currently living in New Zealand and have a passion for food, nature, and tennis. 

Here are some of the programming languages and technologies I have used:

- Java 17
- JavaScript
- Python
- HTML5 + CSS3
- PostgreSQL
- Node.js
- Git
- React

### Natanim Eibrahim
Hello team,

My name is Natanim Eibrahim, but you can call me Nati. I'm currently an online Master's student in Software Development at Boston University, and this is my seventh course in the program. Previously, I've completed courses like CS521, CS526, CS601, CS622, and CS665. I earned my undergraduate degree in Software Engineering back in Ethiopia and moved to the United States about a year and a half ago. Currently, I'm based in New York City, working towards completing my Master's degree and launching my professional career.

Outside of academics, I'm passionate about soccer, enjoy nature walks, and playing ping pong.

In terms of technical skills, the programming languages and frameworks I have used include:

- Java
- JavaScript
- HTML
- CSS
- MySQL
- React.js
- Node.js with Express.js
- Python
- Git

Looking forward to collaborating with all of you!

### Fehmi Baltaci
Hi All, I'm Fehmi. I live in Melrose, MA and work in Weston, MA at a FinTech company. I've been working as a QA Automation Engineer and recently started working on UI development in my team. I'm pursuing my master's degree from BU in Software Development. I'm really excited about the project and looking forward to getting to know everyone better!

Commit message:

updated team info with about me

team.md, after:

# Team Information

## Members

### Pinwen Mu

Hi, I'm Pinwen Mu, but you can call me Lillian. I am a BU student majoring in Software Development. I have some basic development experience throughout my studies. The courses I have finished are CS521, CS526, CS601, CS669, CS625, CS622. I'm currently living in New Zealand and have a passion for food, nature, and tennis.

Here are some of the programming languages and technologies I have used:

- Java 17
- JavaScript
- Python
- HTML5 + CSS3
- PostgreSQL
- Node.js
- Git
- React

### Natanim Eibrahim

Hello team,

My name is Natanim Eibrahim, but you can call me Nati. I'm currently an online Master's student in Software Development at Boston University, and this is my seventh course in the program. Previously, I've completed courses like CS521, CS526, CS601, CS622, and CS665. I earned my undergraduate degree in Software Engineering back in Ethiopia and moved to the United States about a year and a half ago. Currently, I'm based in New York City, working towards completing my Master's degree and launching my professional career.

Outside of academics, I'm passionate about soccer, enjoy nature walks, and playing ping pong.

In terms of technical skills, the programming languages and frameworks I have used include:

- Java
- JavaScript
- HTML
- CSS
- MySQL
- React.js
- Node.js with Express.js
- Python
- Git

Looking forward to collaborating with all of you!

### Fehmi Baltaci

Hi All, I'm Fehmi. I live in Melrose, MA and work in Weston, MA at a FinTech company. I've been working as a QA Automation Engineer and recently started working on UI development in my team. I'm pursuing my master's degree from BU in Software Development. I'm really excited about the project and looking forward to getting to know everyone better!

### Brenna Mahn

Hi team, I'm Brenna. I'm based in New Orleans, LA. I have been working as an app developer for the past few years after a career switch from finance. I've taken several courses towards my Master's in Software Development here at BU including a Software Quality and Testing course where I worked with another team to create a job searching webapp and a Android development course where I built a pet budgeting app. My main strengths are in cross platform and native app development but I've also worked with Python, Java, Javascript, CSS, and HTML.
